you guys ready you want to hear the
news the podcast will never be aired
he's not going
to air the
podcast you won't see
it he's not going to air the podcast you
won't see
it you guys yep he ain't GNA post it
yep he ain't going to post but I'm going
to give
you what happened but I need you to
listen and I got the receipts so let me
give you the gist of it you ready I got
the receipts here so that people don't
think I'm
lying okay listen time to
listen I'm not trying
to depict the situation in a way
where I make George jenko look bad I
don't want to burn Bridges with
him I don't want to burn Bridges with
him I W to try to keep the door open to
communicate so I'm going to be as
accurate as possible I'm going to try to
represent the situation as accurately as
possible if I make a mistake God forgive
me and I don't want to demonize George
I want to keep the door open so that if
he's a man of his word we will meet
again and have a discussion okay so let
me explain to you how it went down you
ready you ready I got the receipts Fly
Boy with your flash shoes so you don't
run your mouth and do
another show where you take clips of
mine and take my image so you can get
more viewers
Cloudchaser all right here let me show
you
okay so here it is I got the number
homie but I'm not going to show you the
number because you can't see the number
all you see is what's the
name so I got the receipts holes the
receipts are right here
holes okay so let me explain what what
now an Assyrian brother from Facebook
reach out to me he's listening Gorel
yo shout out to my homie from wyomi G if
I look bloated I am because last day was
my last cheat day and boy I try to hit
weights and when you hit weights and you
look B ah that doesn't work G reached
out to me on Facebook right here I'm gon
to give you the details because I want
to go into my discussion with the
Orthodox Jew Josh Goro is listening he's
a brother a seran brother a Christian
brother who loves the Lord Jesus Christ
part of the seran Church of the East
love you gor God bless and your
family he reached out to
me all right let me find it right
here he
goes hi kisma it's goril give me a call
if you can so I called
him I called him and he's listening so I
don't want to I don't want to give you
his Facebook page so I called him he was
in talks with George
jenko and
he told me that George would be
interested in talking to me so I said
all right give him my number give him my
number so I didn't search out George
number one I didn't search out George
enko all right didn't search him out
didn't try to get on his podcast okay
just want to everyone know listen don't
engage each other Goran reached out to
me and then George got my number and
here it is the first text I
got Saturday
11:22
p.m. hey Sam it's such pleasure to meet
you my name's Geor enko I love to sit
with you for an hour or two and hear
your perspective I'm chasing after
Christ but I've hit a few bumps along
the way if you have anytime soon it
would mean a lot to me you see the
receipts
right so so I don't want people accuse
me of lying or being a clout Chaser
trying to get subscribers unlike some
folks okay see
it okay it's all right so I
had sent him I called him we
talked and I told
him as long as you're respectful as long
as you don't go off topic I'll be very
respectful patient but I go you know me
my style he goes yeah I I know your
style
you become
disrespectful and you try
to pretty
much how did I say it I'm trying to be
as accurate because I don't want to
misrepresent you're disrespectful and
you try to then take cheap shots then
you know I'm going to take you out like
you don't know my style you know I'm
going to take you out okay so yeah I
know I know all right
so I then ask did you want to go live
with me he goes no you can come in my
studio and we'll do it there all right
so then couple days later I called him
or I text him I said here let me
see
listen Open it'll do something amazing
for you so that by the grace of God
you're open and you hear all
sides all right open okay so all right
yes yes so then all right so I asked him
El how are you brother El still looking
skinnier than you El but I'm a little
heavier I asked
him can I bring a friend a friend of
mine wanted to come he goes no he'd
rather have it private but then he told
me can he bring a friend can he bring a
friend who can help him articulate his I
go sure so it was to be
private I don't bring any friends he
would bring a friend to help him and I
met his friend and then on top of that I
said can I live stream it should I live
stream he goes no no he'll be recorded
we'll upload it so I go okay I went
there now his friend was a sweetheart of
a guy and I'm going to give you the
receipts his friend was a sweetheart guy
named Robert Robert give you a shout out
brother he met me he says he watches
thousands of hours of my Clips he's exag
doing but know it's hyperbole because he
witnesses to Muslims and Jews and he
goes your clips and shout out to Christ
overall Jeremy the archive Sam shimun
apologetics Jeet kundo apologetics the
apologist cut right and others thank God
for you the Lord Jesus bless you for
making Clips these clips are helping
people he goes he sends them those
clips very kind man loves the Lord as
evangelist heart there was no beef
between me and him or him and I no beef
none lot of respect for me okay we
began in a nutshell George got
overwhelmed in a nutshell he got
overwhelmed my assessment of George is
this he's very emotional and it's all
about feeling he was
overwhelmed every question he asked I
gave detailed responses from script
rure
and when I asked him questions about how
do you know what the word of God is he
shut down he didn't understand why
because like many of us that began our
Christian faith like many of us that
began our Christian faith we just picked
up the
Bible right and read it and then assumed
we're understanding what we read and the
spirit is talking to us I told George
and I'm saying it here
George is too much feeling it's all
about feeling for him it's all about
experience for him so when I had to
Corner him and question his feelings he
didn't know how to respond he shut down
it was overwhelming for
him to the point that after about an
hour in the
conversation he looked so
dejected that he just didn't have any
more energy because he got
overwhelmed by the amount of verses and
responses that I gave from scripture and
another thing that shocked him and I'm
not boasting he was blown away by my
ability recall scripture without having
notes all glory to you father all glory
to you Lord Jesus all glory to you Holy
Spirit Almighty for this gift do not let
me get puffed up Crush My Flesh forgive
me but do not let me prostitute myself
for numbers as some of these fakes are
doing claiming to be Christian may I not
be the thing you hate in Jesus name you
fakes clout Chasers are doing it for
subscribers not saying George not talk
about George he was overwhelmed I can
tell you the cameraman there were three
cameras and his wife were glued I can
tell you I'm looking at them they were
glued in shock they didn't even move
George did not know what happened he was
overwhelmed he was
overwhelmed I was
bold I wasn't nasty I didn't insult I
didn't cuss anyone out but I dominated
and I did not let them go on tangents
this is a fact and I got the receipts it
got to the point he didn't know what to
say and he involved Robert
he involved Robert now I feel bad Robert
was there one second let me tell this
guy here let me see yes yes uh give me a
few minutes uh young man I I'll when I
finish I'll send you the link give me a
few minutes I'll send it to you Robert
was there he was
listening he was attentive and he was
reading the Bible for me he was reading
the Bible for me
then I feel like this is me
George George put him on the spot
because he asked Robert Robert do you
have anything to say now poor Robert
tried to respond to my objection about
the church and where you got the Bible
now to his credit not attacking him
because at the end he asked me for my
number smiling can I get your number
here's my number with would you come out
meet me to do Evangel I go anytime we
hugged we laughed so nothing personal
George is a witness the cameraman is a
witness his wife is a witness nothing
personal but I was dominant and
aggressive with Robert because Robert
went on a tangent where he goes we know
the people of the word of God because of
the people of God who love the word of
God and we're transformed by it this
time we know the Bible is God's word we
know the Bible is God's word because
those who believed it transformed it I
go that's purely subjective that's not
answering my question you know and I go
because who are these people of God he
goes those who read the Bible change I
go who are they he didn't want to answer
it and I said Jo Robert please don't go
on tangents answer the question and I go
go back to 1 Timothy 3:15 he did get
frustrated did not want to read the
Bible anymore because he was reading the
Bible for me I said can you read it he
goes no I go George can you read it he
goes I can't because poor George
couldn't read it so anyway he had a
reason why it wasn't he was being nasty
it wasn't because he was being
argumentum nasty no he had his reason
why he couldn't read like okay man give
me a Bible I'll read it now I had to
read the verses because he didn't want
to read anymore he got a little
flustered it's okay but it was imp
personal and then at the end George made
it all about emotion he goes uh and I
said oh I said this God is my witness
George you know I'm not lying it's
recorded I said 'y you know what if it's
going to be a quarrel and we're going to
talk about emotions let's send the
conversation he goes you know because I
don't want to quarrel he goes well I
don't feel like he's quarreling and I
said well you don't feel like it I feel
like he's quarreling because he doesn't
answer questions he goes yeah but you
know you you keep talking and I he's
trying to I go no no no no no I go
George don't play play that game with me
I told you right I go did you see the
difference between when you asked me a
question and I go I looked at the
cameraman I go you better not edit this
he goes no no no we're not gonna edit it
people will see every question you asked
I didn't go on tangents I answered fully
and I quote
scripture but when I'm asking you
questions you guys go on tangents no I'm
not going to let you go on tangents I'm
going to reain you in to stay focused
but he doesn't want to answer questions
directly I don't want to quarrel with
him and then it got into the emotion
stuff well what would Jesus do wouldn't
Jesus like go no Jesus wouldn't want to
argue and then I showed and go let me
show you Jesus let me show you what real
love is George when Jesus encountered
people who wanted to argue who wanted to
debate he didn't waste his time he
rebuked them and walked away and I
quoted Matthew 23 I go because you don't
know what love is you don't know what it
means for Jesus to be loving you have a
view of love that's not biblical so I'm
going to end the discussion unless you
have questions do you have any questions
no let's end it because I want to do
what Paul says avoid foolish
quarrels he goes okay we'll end it
because they had no
questions
Brethren they got overwhelmed
the honest answer is they were
overwhelmed they didn't know what to say
they didn't know how to respond they
were in shock they were not expecting
this honest to God before the Triune God
now here is what happened then when we
ended it there were three cameras on
me by the way these are high def so it
didn't help I was on a cheat day I was
bloated and I just hit weights so my
chest was swollen I look like a pig
anyway George looks at the sound what is
it you know when you're talking you have
like a what is it you guys you guys in
technology when you put on headsets you
connect a soundboard is it it's called
soundboard soundboard right he goes He
Turned he goes
what it says that it stopped 24
minutes so mixer okay mixer sound mixer
so when he looked at it he looked at the
camera and saying hey man it says there
has been no sound for 24
minutes now I don't know I'm remember
this is all a
commotion I don't know if he said 24
minutes whatever it was I go what does
that mean he goes we don't have sound so
I looked at the cameraman I looked at
the camera I go does that mean that the
recording stopped 24 minutes into
discussion he goes no no no we've been
recording I goes said do we lose
anything the cameraman is telling me we
didn't lose anything I go are you sure
this is fully recorded yes but now
George was saying that sound cut off at
a specific point so then I told George
maybe this was God's sign it's what I
said maybe this was God's sign that this
isn't meant to be
published right but it was a private
discussion between you and I because the
Lord wanted you to hear this so maybe
that's why the sound went off now I
thought that when he said 24 minutes
whatever he said I'm going by memory
that the sound went off from the
beginning but when the camera guy told
me no we've been recording I go you sure
nothing you didn't lose anything he goes
no I've been recording I go can you
check he goes I'll check so I go okay
all right so we went out George went out
and he's telling me do you have peace in
your heart see again emotion with this
guy
emotion with this
guy okay I said yes I have peace George
but let me tell you again why you don't
know what Biblical peace and love is
when Paul was getting beaten with rods
can you imagine going up to Paul and
saying Paul do you have peace in your
heart or when they were whipping Paul
Paul do you have peace in your heart
Paul I go George you you don't know what
Biblical love is biblical peace is man
it's all emotion for you like go when
you're ready I will teach you what
Biblical peace and love is it's all
emotion for this
guy it is his reading of the Bible his
understanding of the Bible and his
feelings well the Holy Spirit I feel the
Holy Spirit I go well the Mormons tell
me they feel a burning bsom in their
burning sensation their bom stop with
the subjectivity
George the problem is not with
George the problem is with you guys you
made George and you made these clout
Chasers famous someone told me he has
2.9 95 million subscribers you made him
famous you gave him a
platform you made him something he's not
you did
it it's your
fault you that you look at any person on
the internet who's
controversial Sensational and you blow
him up you did it with Andrew Tate
you're doing it with these other clout
Chasers right collect biters you're
doing it with these people and they're
getting rich off of it and famous and
now they think they have the right to
talk about the Bible in point of fact he
told me that interview with the Avengers
it took place in a studio he flew them
in I said where's Cliff from he said
well Cliff is out of New York he flew
them in and girls gone Bible he flew
them in to interview them you made him
famous now because I
knew that people are going to say georan
post it because Sam was nasty here are
the
receipts so here you
go ready I'm gonna play my voice text
and I'm GNA read his response you ready
pray guys no more cheat days here it
is here you go so here are the receipts
folks just to show
you listen because I don't want people
slander
me right after I left this is what he
sent me thank you so
much for your time I love you and I pray
we meet again well now I'm going to hold
them account that's why I don't want to
burn Bridges
right I keep you in my prayers please
keep me in yours love you my brother so
now look what I said here it is
listen brother George good brother glory
to God let me know if you want to
continue conversation you and me not
bring in someone else to talk the
questions were good you got a lot of
answers make sure you go back listen and
pay attention but you should do a
followup if you're serious and answer
the rest of your questions where we we
won't be distracted and we go directly
to the issue it's not about emotion it's
about truth see that and Truth govern
our emotions so let me know h brother if
you're sincere and you want to
learn you know and hopefully by the
grace of God he purify our hearts that
we're not going after numbers or
subscribers we're doing it for the glory
of Christ all
right amen this was not a waste God will
make it for good keep praying I pray
that God keeps me growing in my faith
but again I appreciate in your words out
about uploading
it
I'll send over the message mean rouslan
to be honest I'm Not Gon to post the
podcast I'm GNA believe the words that
you said where it was just for me now
remember there was a context in me
saying that I thought we lost audio and
I go maybe that's God's way of saying it
wasn't meant for you
to upload it to your podcast it was
Private because I thought we lost
audio that's the context of my words
plus it didn't come to a concluding
ending see and I truly feel like God
just want to speak privately okay all
right so here's what I say watch
this okay brother you don't need to post
it save it for you but let's do
something and let's talk about it okay
you saw it was respectful even when we
were passionate was very respectful I
insult Robert and you saw I gave my
number and hugged him because he's a
brother and I'll work with him so so
thank you brother so make sure they
don't lie allow the LIE say oh you
didn't he it CU I was rude right they
say why didn't you he it's not because I
was
rued now watch no
[Applause]
absolutely no I actually see a brother
of mine who's trying to show me his
perspective I'll never slander you I
could never slander my brother if people
ask I will say we spoke privately and
went well and God is working on my heart
the problem is the whole world knew we
were going to meet and do a podcast so
that's the problem and then again no sir
I see it as God wanted to be private you
and I are both after God's heart that's
all I see now you got the receipts right
rousan Fly shoes fly fly you can invite
Tren horn to have a discussion about
these clips it's
not being hidden because I was rude I
was nasty and I cussed out his mother r
fly fly Armenian Fly shoes homie but be
skinnier than you homie it wasn't that
right you guys saw
it okay so we got that out of the
way so this is again why let me remind
you I prefer not to go on people's
podcast unless it's aired
live on the spot right there like PPD
they air it right they go live right
there
live or I can share it on
my stream or if you're going to record
it I can then come and also record it or
go live see why I don't like to do stuff
like
this been burned more than than once so
you're not going to see the
podcast you're not going to see the
podcast it was an overwhelming
experience for him I don't think he was
prepared to be asked these questions and
it would be the same questions that an
orthodox would ask and a Catholic would
ask even Trent horn rousan fly fly all
right name of the father and of the son
of the Holy Spirit